README.md, before:

# IT Security Guidelines for Humans 💂‍
> This repository will teach sytem administrators in an understandable language `IT Security Guidelines` to protect
> their systems.

With the never ending uprise of ransomware attacks against every possible network environment, the need for new and 
improved network security solutions is on an all time high. To guard against the attacks a new security principle was
created: `Zero Trust`.

Sadly there were not good enough guides out there, which explained `Zero Trust` in an understandable manner with
examples. So i created this repository to help me and hopefully you, in understanding and implementing a `Zero Trust`
security solution in our network.

## Topics 📚
1. Government security principles
2. [Passwords](/Topics/Passwords.md)
3. Network Switches


## Donations :pizza:
If you learnt something new and want to support the project then how about buying me a pizza? :pizza::yellow_heart:

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/Neocky"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a pizza&emoji=🍕&slug=Neocky&button_colour=FF5F5F&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Poppins&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00" /></a>

Commit message:

Added better headings and contributing topic

README.md, after:

# :guard: IT Security Guidelines for Humans
> This repository will teach sytem administrators in an understandable language `IT Security Guidelines` to protect
> their systems.

With the never ending uprise of ransomware attacks against every possible network environment, the need for new and 
improved network security solutions is on an all time high. To guard against the attacks a new security principle was
created: `Zero Trust`.

Sadly there were not good enough guides out there, which explained `Zero Trust` in an understandable manner with
examples. So i created this repository to help me and hopefully you, in understanding and implementing a `Zero Trust`
security solution in our network.

## :pencil: Contributing
If you find something which doesn't seem right, something which doesn't make sense, or have a topic to add to this
project then please make a pull request with explanations about your changes and comments.

A few simple rules for this project when contributing:
- useful
- inviting and clear
- not tiring
- about it security


## :books: Table of Contents
* Government security principles
* [**Passwords**](/Topics/Passwords.md)
* Network Switches


## :pizza: Donations
If you learnt something new and want to support the project then how about buying me a pizza? :pizza::yellow_heart:

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/Neocky"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a pizza&emoji=🍕&slug=Neocky&button_colour=FF5F5F&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Poppins&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00" /></a>
